The truth about learning the art of teaching 1 Teaching
is the best method of learning 2 When I know
what I must learn I start teaching right away 3
Teaching forces me to learn everything thoroughly deeply and excellently
raising my own standards 4 Teaching is essentially just rephrasing
5 Basic requirements for being a teacher 1 It's not
about being know-it-all but about never making mistakes within the
scope of instruction whether it's ten minutes half an hour
an hour or two hours no one can listen continuously
for longer 6 Anyone can excel at something as long
as they prepare diligently 7 The true essence of teaching
lies in its manifestation through repetition 8 The most significant
aspect of teaching is the process of answering questions 1
It's a rare opportunity to receive feedback and discover one's
own shortcomings 2 Answering questions helps fill in the gaps
and correct mistakes 9 My own lessons have been the
most helpful to me 10 When I want her to
learn something I run to her and ask her to
teach me 11 How to prepare for a lesson 1
Never make mistakes within the scope of instruction 12 At
home I take on the role of a coach 1
Coaches ask more and speak less 2 Before the student
completes their input identify easily misunderstood or missed knowledge 3
Test the student's learning through questioning 4 Provide further supervision
5 Use any means necessary including coaxing and trickery to
ensure sufficient repetition within a short period 6 Another task
of supervision is error correction 13 The core significance of
repetition 1 Improve proficiency in tasks 2 Gradually correct all
errors 14 Teacher's manuals previewing and reviewing are the best
supplementary materials 15 Artificial language vs. natural language